Speaker 1: can record. And we don't have a ton of items to get to. And I might be able to do one that might be fun if we have a little bit of time. So corporate events, they, I think I saw a little, I put this in Slack and I saw a little bit of kind of noise around it, which was good. The nutshell here is as we've kind of restructured and tried different things. The event support that we need isn't as nailed down as it needs to be. So the current tactic that we're going with is go-to-market team, signs up and kind of sponsors that event. So you support as a PMM, your campaign manager does the campaigns for that event, etc, etc. I don't see anyone in the, maybe there are comments in the issue. I don't see the header updated yet. I thought we had in Slack sort of farm to each one of them out. That's so I guess the next, so it looks like tie put in some folks. It looks like this looks good so that let's see needs support from GTM teams. So I guess the ask would be to work with your GTM teams. So let me ask, I saw some Slack, I think in our Slack, but did you

Speaker 2: all, were you all able to connect with your GTM teams? On Slack only and on the issue actually.

Speaker 3: Yeah, so I'm not in real time for it. So to be back, I got one person to respond so far, so it may end up sending you and I just pick the one that we want to do and then they can back us up.

Speaker 1: If we don't get any more feedback. Yeah, do you all, does anybody have like a regular sink still? Are those all been canceled? Or is there a regular sink? Yeah, we're on like the two week cadence.

Speaker 4: Okay. Yeah, Gidops has been canceled after the enablement.

Speaker 2: Cool, so I'm just trying to catch up with the thread.

Speaker 1: So it looks like maybe a platform on reinvent, CICD on Google next and Gidops on CUBECON.

Speaker 2: Does that sound right? Yeah. Yeah, that's where we were last I heard.

Speaker 1: Cool. So then I think we can help the Corp events team. They do a lot of like a cat hurting and keep on tracking people down. So I think if this team can take the mission to like try to help

Speaker 2: track that down. So if you get the commitment specifically from your campaign managers,

Speaker 1: hey, like we're signing up for CUBECON, can you comment on the issue that yes, I can commit to this, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, so that just so that they can get that event support.

Speaker 2: But that looks good and I appreciate. Thanks for the link to SOMI on the rolls. Uh, product announcements.

Speaker 1: So I appreciate, Brian, for adding this. I probably should have added it, but

Speaker 2: I had two questions about that one. One is over what time frame are we looking at?

Speaker 1: So, uh, so in theory, this is this could be the same as the GILAP14 lunch where we're saying basically since 13.0, what has, you know, what kind of big improvements have we made? Um,

Speaker 2: candidly, this is always a little bit tough and I'm, and I'm, I am not totally sure of all of the kind of the interplay here, but I think, I think this is kind of the general

Speaker 1: gist of this assignment is, okay, we have commit coming up. We have some amount of, like, we have a stage of, you know, a metaphorical stage to say something to the world and we'll get some amount of press attention because we're having an event, right? What kind of announcements do we make? Um, at GILAP, it's really, really tough to make product announcements because our entire roadmap is completely public. Yadda, yadda, yadda. So the thought here is to, but also because our entire roadmap is completely public and because we shift these tiny little MVCs, a new feature will

Speaker 2: come out, but it'll be not really usable, right? So it takes a while. So if you look back over the

Speaker 1: past year and say, okay, like what started in the last year, but now is really like a full-fledged

Speaker 2: feature, what would, what would be coming out of beta, right? Like if we were any other company,

Speaker 1: when we started a beta program in this last year, what would be, be announcing is GA at commit? That's kind of, that's kind of my thought on it. I see a couple of ahead now. What do you think, Sydney?

Speaker 5: Yeah, I think I was inclined to group some things to say like vulnerability management because there were tiny little MVCs all the way along, but if you look at over the course of the year, we went from this to this, it makes more sense to me to highlight that than any individual

Speaker 2: little thing. And then the other point was we just had 14.0. Can we just, can we reuse some of those things and plug them in here? Absolutely, yeah. Yeah, and vulnerability management was one of the,

Speaker 1: you know, the features out of, we looked at 14.0. So I think, yeah, this is like, let's take the stuff from 14.0 and then maybe add a few more so that we can hit kind of different areas of press or give, give our PR team. This is kind of like input into our PR team to give them fodder to go out with. And are we trying to hit three per stage? Yeah, ideally there's just, you know, three, you know, three at a time per stage. And then I think y'all made some good notes that, okay, we need to add

Speaker 2: manage. So I see manage in here that's excellent. And integrations, we don't, well actually,

Speaker 6: we have some pretty exciting integrations. So we have the, the Jarris stuff is pretty good. There's a couple of things in integrations with VS code that could be notable. But I, can I show what I did for SCM just to get some general feedback on it? And if someone hasn't done it, maybe that'll also kick in my, I was going in simplest direction here, which was thinking, you know, a lot of, and then I called them key iterations, the sort of specific things. So I listed a few specific things like three or four per each as key iterations, but I called

Speaker 2: them something overall. So we have like one thing to call them. There's several key iterations

Speaker 6: aligned with Giddyly Cluster, several that roll up to a research-based user experience. And I was thinking like I was shy on calling out UX as a bucket except that actually that's super typical. Like Windows 11 or anybody who's rolling stuff out, they almost always have UX as one of their three things. And then they mentioned a longer list of stuff that aligns to that. So I, you know, forgave myself for doing something at first. I was kind of like shy about calling out UX and bucketing some things there. But actually when I looked around, that's pretty much

Speaker 2: how everybody does a big launch. And in terms of the excitement level, that also like I went in

Speaker 6: thinking this is just a two. I guess part of it is like I feel like we're almost fixing something that's broken. And that's not something you want to shout from the rooftops about. But actually, some of that stuff's really cool. So I gave it a three excitement level. I wasn't sure exactly

Speaker 2: where to place things. But I figured I wouldn't like the Cindy's comment have something that's a one

Speaker 6: here anyway. But I, the only way I could make sense of like the iterations was to bucket them as something. And so that's kind of how I came down on it. I don't know what I'm thinking about that.

Speaker 4: I've done a similar, I've taken a similar approach for monitor with incident management. There were a bunch of things that we released. Although the core of incident management was part of 12.x, I think. So I did the same. I think that makes sense. Yeah, that would help me with the plan stuff as well.

Speaker 7: Because there are some things like Epic boards that people have been asking for for years now. And

Speaker 2: they finally have. And that's great. But I think you know, like the milestone burn-up charts.

Speaker 7: That was a two. And that's helpful. I was looking through features and actual monthly features that were released in a given month. I mean, that was one of the more important ones. But it's not very exciting.

Speaker 2: But we can bundle that with some other things and and and up level it. So that that would be helpful there.

Speaker 7: And also Brian about the VS code thing. One other cool thing about that is both of those VS code integrations that hit the same month were community contributions, which is also kind of cool.

Speaker 1: Is is that is do we have VS code listed on here?

Speaker 2: I didn't add it, but I can I can add that in. I've got good notes on that. The extension that

Speaker 6: had been around for a while became official. It was kind of one of the things, but there's some other

Speaker 2: stuff that's a little juicier than that. And that I think that's a that's a pretty good note as well.

Speaker 1: We did that with like our our Terraform module, right? There was like a community module, but now it's officially supported. So that's that's the you know that can be the line yes or no whether you can use the thing for a lot of businesses. So I think that's good one too.

Speaker 4: How are we measuring excitement levels one through and three is there? I was I was looking at maybe MAU as a metric to perhaps measure whether customers have started using that are interested in using that or not. We probably may not have it for everything, but at least some of it wherever

Speaker 2: we have it is it's probably something we can we can use there. But we of course we need a

Speaker 4: benchmark level of what MAU we want to call one two three. I think it's a little it's a little

Speaker 1: bit of a judgment call like um you know for example Kormack was saying like epic boards is something

Speaker 2: that was asked for for a long time. Now depending on how it's asked for maybe that means it's

Speaker 1: exciting or it's not right. But usually when something it's a lot of upvotes or when there's a lot of demand for it then I would I would bump the excitement level on something like that. Certainly it's something shifted a lot of people are using it the MAU that's like that's another good measure. I don't know that any one of those needs to kind of be exclusive. I think it's a bit of a it's a bit of an individual judgment call and just like what is what is your feeling based on you know could be anecdotal like you talk to customers and they're like really hyper excited about this or you know maybe not which is which is okay I think it's okay.

Speaker 5: I first responded to my comment about why we have the low excitement ones and just said

Speaker 1: something about having them sort of stack ranked. Yeah I might I might even constrain us is we're not going to highlight low excitement but we want to see the full spectrum especially in the case we have slim pickings alternatively if there are double digit entries then we can stack rank. So that's that's kind of also helpful there. So if we have three for all of these that I mean it looks like we're going to get there and that's going to be quite a lot of features. So I might constrain it like this maybe you can only give out one one two or three and and and treat as a stack rank rather than just like a raw excitement level that doesn't necessarily hard to

Speaker 5: somebody's one or somebody's three may be more important than somebody else's one agree on the.

Speaker 6: Yeah and I had I started by just looking at what was considered a key feature over the past year from from create and you know there are at least a dozen things that I'm not mentioning that could be on the list like I could give you 10 things instead of three. Yeah give it give

Speaker 1: this just like the rough like pass and like a lot of things recently I've been moving between docs and spreadsheet and the spreadsheet to docs this you know this might this might end up or some iteration of this might end up in a spreadsheet where we then try to stack rank in PR like okay out of all of like the you know there's maybe 10 boxes here and three each out of

Speaker 2: the 30 items which are the top five actually let's just let's actually just do that let's just do

Speaker 1: this like top top five overall we did this one is a PR driven to some degree what about like a new

Speaker 6: pen christie's product keynote at commit or we don't tell him this with that so this is exactly

Speaker 1: where this is headed to is the idea that during the product keynote and then ideally during kit sits keynote as well that there's some level of like an announcement that we make that then the press cares about that announcement again really tough to do at get led because it's all been around for a while so this is this is our attempt ahead to that area is to say like these are the announcements of the event and yeah maybe it's some things that have been around for a while but like now they're at a level of maturity now you know there's there's reason to be excited about this so that's kind of where it's coming from so I put a top five overall

Speaker 2: maybe we can just you know we should reserve a spot for plan but I'm going to have to go through

Speaker 7: and do some aggregating after this just go through the list of what shipped in the last 12 months and

Speaker 2: re-bucket that so maybe we can do like five minutes kind of like just just time box and

Speaker 1: kind of look at these here what do you what do you all think is a top would be a top five out of

Speaker 2: a list of you know 20 or 30 I would say if UX does end up being a flag that we fly that's an easy one

Speaker 6: because there's more than just maps to the create stage that would be considered UX improvement okay

Speaker 2: what else we need to have a security one in there we could have either vulnerability management or I was when I've been struggling with a little bit as I'd like to kind of group the some of this the proprietary scanning um without making it sound like they're scanning improvements because that sounds like they weren't good before yeah let's let's go with vulnerability management for now I

Speaker 1: I now would agree on that one and I would say that um some of these we did do some press around and the the fuzzing acquisitions was one thing so we might not get that out of that I was I mean we did the fuzzing acquisitions a long time ago was it within the past year or longer I thought it was

Speaker 4: within the past year I think it was in the last little overs expanse or so it was last summer right

Speaker 5: or something around there it was like last spring or summer and then we did another set of press around the integration of it because the PR team liked all the it's I mean we got a lot of

Speaker 2: attention on the acquisition so they had me do a follow-up um on the integration I just feel like

Speaker 1: it's kind of worn out now but right that's what I was saying is that the the fuzzing we already did press on through probably we'll not get another chump at that so I think let's go with vulnerability management. Unreviewed but we also have in terms of proprietary stuff we've also got

Speaker 2: we replaced one of our scanners with sem grip and we did um we have our own proprietary dust scanner now that's in it's in beta called brow zirker so it's our answer to scanning single-page applications which represent a unique challenge I think I mean if I could have to it would be vulnerability management in brow zirker probably okay some grip that get picked up as

Speaker 6: online item in a couple of pieces about get back 14

Speaker 1: which uh between between the the proprietary ships of the vulnerability management which would

Speaker 2: you pick as number one out of those two probably vulnerability management okay

Speaker 1: I'm just kind of scanning the list I would probably say like Kubernetes agent is something that

Speaker 2: we've made a lot of investment in although um I think the Kubernetes agent and from an integration point

Speaker 4: of view uh perhaps the terraform integration I think we have a lot of customers actually

Speaker 2: using that already so I'm gonna agree I'm just gonna call those get ops and I'm gonna put like

Speaker 1: ks agents plus sg for integrations it's like a bucket of capabilities that is probably worth talking about uh well let's you know let's try to uh this is due Tuesday I think we want to try to get this done um so maybe just uh review this kind of like let's just kind of pick top five maybe something from plan is something from cicd uh that plan editor's definitely an option for cicd

Speaker 7: yeah there might be a sorry no sorry there might be a value-stream analytics story in there too um if we aggregate it all it's a it's a bummer that customizable value-stream analytics is 12.9 but uh yeah there might be

Speaker 1: cool now I'm just gonna I'm gonna ping you on this carmac to add add a a top five plan

Speaker 2: cool uh I think

Speaker 3: man it's a pretty heavy pretty heavy list just looking at it you know it's pretty cool

Speaker 1: yeah that's great yeah and this is something we don't do which I I agree like we don't we don't often stop as a company and just kind of look at our wins uh I was really I don't did you all did anybody miss uh what do we call it assembly the assembly uh if you missed it I recommend I laughed because like what assembly reminds me of it like when I was in like a young child in grade school yep you they'd have this big stack of like carpet they're like squares of carpet and you go like you go into the gym and you pull off this a square of carpet and all the children would sit on a square of carpet and that was like you'd have an assembly yeah so that's what I do

Speaker 3: about to put everyone in the gym or like convert the half cafeteria gym you know take away the big barrier between it so that we can have more room and then take those carpets that have never been cleaned and just you know sit on them and it'll be great but aside aside from the goofy name

Speaker 1: I thought that um and of course we can't talk about any of it on youtube but man that was like a really awesome look back at like here's some wins and here's some exciting things that we've done and so I think we just need to get better at this as a company I think this exercise and opportunity that um I think we do a little bit of that but this is doing it more so uh saw me you have some

Speaker 2: questions here for Alita yes so in the competitive sheet I was I mean I've already identified the features for CD configure as well as monitor now getting it reviewed from PM my guess was or my

Speaker 4: understanding was that we wouldn't have the same set of competitors that we're going to compare to but the right competitors for that particular stage right so for example for uh for monitor we may not have like a GitHub or something like that we would have monitor based competitors or was that the understanding because we identified that entire list of competitors and partners for every single stage I thought people were going to be using those competitors to compare against so I just wanted your your input on what because I saw some of you have compared with the five competitors already listed over there um they may not be relevant for example

Speaker 2: cloud beats may not be relevant for monitor stage at all um so that's what I wanted to check with you

Speaker 8: yeah that's the case I need to go back and look at this spreadsheet I mean if the competitor does not apply for that particular stage they shouldn't be on that tab in this spreadsheet so are you saying that you see competitors on that tab for a stage where they don't apply

Speaker 3: yeah I think it was copy pasted each rule has the same yeah so each sheet has uh has uh

Speaker 4: adio at lasian github Jenkins jfrog and cloud please right so that may not be relevant for monitor configure it would be a different set of competitors that we need to include which I think we already

Speaker 2: identified a while back I think we identified top three competitors for every stage yeah we

Speaker 8: hear that that's when we tear it right tear one tear two two two three so this this where we are right now is we're looking at just tear one competitor that's probably why I cut and paste them because those are all tear ones we're just focusing on tear one right now so if they don't apply to that stage don't worry about it make sense so just pick the ones out of that list that apply to

Speaker 4: our stage right I just we just use the tier one competitors and if they're not if they don't are not applicable then we don't have to fill out anything for that yet for now but then we'll

Speaker 8: move to tier two and tier three then we'll look at those other okay and do we need to add a line item

Speaker 4: for github as well because I think that's the single we're here yeah we should I think you

Speaker 5: asked me that before right or someone asked me I'm just looking at it crying out yeah we can

Speaker 2: yeah because the way without it you're basically putting all the things that we're better at yeah

Speaker 8: for sure for sure yeah right so ideally when we picked like the 10 to 15 features

Speaker 1: though some of those were like github only some of those were like github didn't have

Speaker 3: well I thought it was supposed to be none of them should be github only right it should be all through

Speaker 1: the lens of yeah yeah exactly yeah it should be like market lens so an ideal world most of them are like this is what I'm shopping for this solution some like some of them might be github only some of them might be like competitor only so that it's a somebody would look at it and be like this looks honest and trustworthy in like a accurate assessment of the market yeah yeah yeah and then yeah I think some of you for this just to kind of reiterate for this one we're only doing these five competitors so we'll do the other ones in a later stage and then for if the vendor builds like builds themselves as a platform then we should specifically call out that they have zero so github

Speaker 2: builds itself as a platform it sells itself that way same with azure dev ops same with jfrog

Speaker 8: well they all do for tier one except Jenkins and clouties yeah yeah Jenkins clouties does not

Speaker 1: you know right but what is it you know azure dev ops github at lassian and although at lassians we

Speaker 2: still need to figure something out there that is a matter of fact that I go back and add a last

Speaker 8: hand because like based on conversation I think we have to do it I don't think we can leave them all I have to look at this version it is lassian is on that sheet okay yeah I went back and added them because based on a discussion like my my I wanted to take them off completely and just leave them

Speaker 2: as a partner but we can't do that so yeah so for for those platform you know we should call out the

Speaker 1: fact that they don't have any monitoring if they have like zero out of 15 we should call that out same with configure stuff for this you know any those kind of capabilities

Speaker 3: let me and be I think if we took that step further it would be good to even describe it in the way that doesn't just say our product stage and use like a value-based description of what monitor and configure mean because otherwise we're just no that's not going to do any good for us

Speaker 8: I think I've seen the new infographic that the design team has come up with oh yeah oh you have it no we have a link to that quickly William I don't know or you throw it in the

Speaker 2: you throw it in the notes if you find it I let's see who can find it faster you're thinking about what the amount of tabs I have opened oh my god that's what I'm like it probably

Speaker 1: so I this is why I send everything to a Google Gmail because the search is so fast I literally

Speaker 2: have a folder where all of my GitLab things go and I can just search for infographic and I found it I found it I found it who could look at first I found it I found it oh

Speaker 8: so this is the one so this there's two this is the one for the single two comparison but then for the but it's gonna look the same but then here's the one for I just put it in chat for you guys

Speaker 1: and here's the one for the platform players so so we made it we made a couple decisions along the way so um one of the decisions was to just go with stages um it would it would have been like a whole another layer of okay if we don't go with just the GitLab stages the 10 stages what what do we use

Speaker 2: that has to be determined reconciled all this kind of stuff like the you know we kind of I don't

Speaker 1: know how long it's been since we updated those pages have like not been updated but we kind of are just trying to move towards some sort towards some progress so I concur that maybe configure in monitors not as descriptive as it could be but the place where it will so actually

Speaker 7: I'll share one thing it just seems like the right time to do this right manage is even less descriptive than

Speaker 2: that so so um the way this is the way this is getting built is off of a data model so um

Speaker 1: in theory these could change or be updated where the underlying data remains the same right because like we're separating like like presentation layer from data layer uh so that's it's not going to be as hard to update in the future as it currently is where it's a messes spaghetti code and it's like really really difficult to update and then the other component is then not in this iteration we need to get something live but in the next iteration you'll click on verify and it'll go down to the list of the 15 features and that's where you can describe what the heck of verify is or what the heck I managed okay so we will have an opportunity that because I

Speaker 3: was about to say you're gonna hate me for this but like we're we're being sick of go about the same problem we had which being the audience coming in and not knowing anything about these specific

Speaker 8: stages that was one of the big things it's like okay 15 15 features what what is what are they

Speaker 2: why do I care you know yeah to say that means nothing to me looking at this this page um but

Speaker 3: quick question I can be a Debbie Downer that's it no we're on top of it I actually if you read the

Speaker 8: thread I brought that up but she said we can't do it like right now which I understand but

Speaker 2: it's small thing what do you guys think about the colors I don't know I usually let the designers handle that stuff they I like you know I like the fact that there's no red on there

Speaker 7: that's what I was going for you like it's not it's not obviously negative so we're saying because it really does lend itself to being a comparison more than a competitive piece because of that because there's no you know these folks at 37% are in the red and they're terrible they just have less green or we would have less green so it's not it's not it's not being worse it's being less good I think that lends itself to working with you know all the co-opetition situations we were talking

Speaker 1: about yeah that's that's the goal is we want we want to generate a helpful asset for the industry this is not just like marketing shill this should be like a helpful page so yeah the goals have a comparison comparing DevOps tools not a you know this is all of our competitors and why we're better

Speaker 8: yeah I think from a competitive mindset and for me I'm like let's go hard let's put some red on there let's just the way I think right so but I'm going to stick with the green they recommend it was to lift the green and see how it goes but I don't know I was feeling the red and yellow

Speaker 3: too it is easy on the ice you know there's something to be said for that so yeah

Speaker 1: cool well we're almost up on time but I did want to share one thing that kind of came in like

Speaker 2: basically Friday it was like late Thursday for me so this this is another thing a lot a lot of

Speaker 1: these things I don't have like a ton of context on I just know like we're just trying to up our game

Speaker 2: so like hey let's move fast and do the best we can do so this is a little bit of a messaging

Speaker 1: framework and then the assignment that was given to me was to to fill in these boxes here so

Speaker 2: and then this was the father that I got so there was these ones that said like from roadmap to

Speaker 1: company vision we are transparent and a single source of truth countless possibilities honestly I think this ones are like really pithy and catchy I really like it I really liked

Speaker 2: what's the other one that I like that not everyone does all in one for everyone so I just I don't

Speaker 1: know I like I just think so there's something catchy about that but I know that kind of catchy

Speaker 2: is not everyone's cup of tea all that's to say is the assignment here was that I took it was to

Speaker 1: write a pithy few words like punchy statement for each of these three things so I ended up with a single source of truth countless possibilities I like that a lot this one I went with end-to-end control over your software factory not as pithy but or like not as catchy but I think that what's

Speaker 5: the difference between that slide and the next one that doesn't have anything under security this

Speaker 1: this was the honestly so that so when I first got this it didn't have this and it didn't have

Speaker 5: anything under security so this this was like it was just your iteration of it yeah this is this is

Speaker 1: mine this is I just put here so that I would have like the original statements like you know automate nearly anything collaborate on everything I kind of like that but I you know this one I hate scale-up speed-up test-up I don't think anybody tests up I think that's really goofy so hate it this one I love that's for me it's I love it or hate it right I love how I love that you're just like

Speaker 2: bang so anyway the what I love in just in five minutes now and then we can kind of end the call is kind of like anything you would change this out for anything you would change this out for

Speaker 1: and then actually let's start here this one I couldn't pick and I'll I'll tell you why it's because I like things to have parity in in their tone right so this is maybe like super nuanced elements of messaging but I hate it if it's like a single source of truth that's like in noun phrase and

Speaker 2: the end control that's like a noun item so you could say with GitLab you get a single source of truth with GitLab you get and the end control and you can't say with GitLab you get move fast

Speaker 5: confidence no but you can say more speedless risk I like that one the best I don't like the last one

Speaker 1: I agree that's that's why I put this one at top was for that parity and then so it sounds like kind of

Speaker 2: y'all's thoughts or that's that's good as well yeah the only thing it might be missing but I don't know how we do it without over complicating it is well I guess less risk also implies higher quality

Speaker 7: I guess that kind of bundles the quality and the security together so I've talked myself out of

Speaker 9: not liking that so yeah good Cindy's last blog post had a really good turn of phrase that I stole for forgive that 14 when she was out it was like secure the software factory and all the stuff that you're making it she said it really elegant and it's deliverables secure the software factory and it's deliverables yeah I thought it was good to emphasize both because they mean

Speaker 5: yeah so you could say secure and control your software factory and it's deliverables maybe that would encompass both thoughts

Speaker 1: I'm not a big fan of the it's deliverables is there a can we say like your software factory and your

Speaker 2: software or your your software or in your product product sounds like car manufacturer

Speaker 3: I could say IP here but it just doesn't sound right and that's always to always short hand

Speaker 2: yeah I like this one better yeah I think I do too but but I appreciate the thought Brian

Speaker 1: and then the last thing I'll say is so this is this was my attempt to channel my inner ash withers I think ash is like super good at just again just like the catcher like the turn of phrase element to it and so like this kind of idea like single source of truth countless possibilities or all in one for everyone there's something catchy about this so here I was trying to like envision what is it that we actually give you with this velocity it's like it's velocity with confidence

Speaker 5: is what is what you get I like your move fast with confidence better than increase speed and stay on

Speaker 1: track yeah so I was trying to I was thinking of like you know if you're like if you're in a race car and like you go like super super fast like let's say you're in the bike race right and you're going so fast and somebody holds out the sign and then like half of the bike race collapses so it's almost kind of like you can you can keep going like faster and faster and faster and if somebody like jumps out with a sign in the middle of the racetrack you're not going to get tripped up by it because get labs you know it's testing is going to catch that it's security is going to catch that all of those elements that allow you to move faster but to do so with confidence because otherwise you're like the faster you go than it gets more dangerous so try to encapsulate that in this like that was kind of where I was like stay on track but I didn't like it either

Speaker 3: did you just open the door for a NASCAR partnership? NASCARM goes fast in terms left because of get lay out

Speaker 1: so you're a new ricky body and demographic so yeah so I don't think I like that one and then I think between these two I like move fast with confidence but I don't like the the verbiage of it because it doesn't have parity so that's where I think do you want to add maybe we can add

Speaker 4: high confidence or more confidence at the end of your first statement so it kind of combines all of it so more speed less risk high confidence

Speaker 3: I was just saying confidence is kind of overused anyway like I see a lot of competitors of vendors using it I really like the first one just more speed less risk

Speaker 2: bam no trade-offs you know just this how it is oh no trade-offs

Speaker 3: I don't know yeah and that's one of my go-toes I love that one

Speaker 1: this this gets into the no trade-offs the engineer engineer and me says there's never no trade-offs that's like saying like 100% secure conflict this is why we always say mitigate right we always feel at risk or less risk you never say no you never say no you never say no

Speaker 3: you're never say no you're a messaging right I mean not everything you know how about just more

Speaker 5: speed less risk with confidence

Speaker 2: what yeah more speed

Speaker 7: the rickie bobby and me really did like the no trade-offs without Parker yeah oh was that was that from uh no but it could have been it's something rickie bobby would have said if anyone hasn't seen telodega nights they should and so homework for this weekend

Speaker 3: yeah we talk about it on Monday in our little social

Speaker 1: report I often say thank you little eight pound five ounce baby Jesus with the golden diapers I say that so often that I just think everybody has seen telodega nights but then I realized

Speaker 2: that people that haven't are like playing is really weird or the next week we'll watch stepbrothers

Speaker 7: that's another great one so much room for activities

Speaker 1: okay um I'm gonna go with uh more speed less risk and um I think this is due at the end of the day so any additional thoughts I'm actually gonna untag fake me it's strong all those are you know cool those are good awesome well uh this was kind of fun to do a little bit of like working together session and uh keep it a little resty basil keep it rocking good to see everybody see you soon